It is vastly better to make 50% of the people 100% happy than 100% of the people 50% happy.
That may be the little tag that kicks the podcast off.
Welcome to AVE Testing Podcast, your modern testing podcast.
Your hosts, Alan and Brent, will be here to guide you through topics on testing, leadership,
agile, and anything else that comes to mind. Now, on with the show.
You know, you know, Midnights came out last week. A lot of people are really excited.
So I just want to make sure we acknowledge this historical event in modern artistry.
And I guess that's a new album by Elon Musk.
No, Elon Musk is Elon Musk, his latest album is buying Twitter and firing everybody.
Hey, do you remember the fail whale? You've been using Twitter long enough.
Twitter had this, their error page, their 503 page was a fail whale.
A whale that called it the fail whale. Okay.
Haven't seen it in a long, long time. I bet you it's coming back.
Is that good or bad?
I think Elon's going to screw up Twitter. That's what I think.
Oh, I think.
And Midnight is the new Tay Tay album. Go check it out on Spotify.
Get your favorite colored vinyl from Tarjay, also known as Target. You know, good stuff.
Don't know whether to rave about Taylor or to complain about Elon, but that would be,
that's the other podcast. You can look that up. It's called, oddly, it's also called the
AB testing podcast. So it's hard to find. Just see if you can find it. I'm sure it exists.
Do you ever do the thing where you have a dream and it's so real or you think about
something, you think it was real, you can't remember if it was really happened or it was
a dream. Not for a while.
Maybe this podcast does exist or maybe it was a dream
or, or maybe I've had too much coffee. Could be coffee. I don't know anything.
Anything. What have you been up to, Brent?
Oh my God. This podcast is going to go.
Hey, I am here to bring the energy and you are here to bring the dumb. Let's go.
Brent, actually, it's very distraught, very distraught.
I am.
There's been a loss in a grave loss in Brent's world.
Apparently just in the last half hour, Brent's keyboard died.
It did. And I plugged it in and saw because I assumed it was a stuck key.
And I plugged it in after I found a replacement keyboard, plugged it in.
And here I want to show you, Alan. Right. It's a Corsair. It's an expensive keyboard.
Looking at a big mechanical keyboard.
Yeah, it's a mechanical keyboard, which is, which is my friend.
Mine too.
And it, it has cool lights that you can program. This keyboard makes me happy.
I started using a DAS keyboard, a wired heavy duty mechanical keyboard at home.
And then during the pandemic, when I was working about the house, I got myself a
three quarter size Keytronix, a USB mechanical keyboard.
And I brought that thing to the office now. I love it. I love it.
It's mechanical, but in that kind of not so much to piss off people around,
just sort of thing. Not that people show up into the office.
We had that discussion last time. Anyway, I am all over the mech keyboards as well.
Mine's a little bit more. Can I get it up there to the camera?
Mine's a little smaller than yours.
Yeah. What's the brand on that one?
DAS keyboard. DAS keyboard.
DAS keyboard, like German DAS keyboard.
DAS keyboard. So as all three listeners know, mechanical keyboards are cool.
And we've probably talked about these before. I think it was you maybe. Are you the one who
started using mechanical keyboards? Because you're pounding the keys so hard, you're hurting your
wrists. Yeah.
That was you. Okay. That's a common, common thing. So I might have heard that before from
somebody else. All right. Well, I'm sorry about that, but there are
younger and more attractive keyboards you can move into if needed.
That one was a very, I could make my keys be rainbowy colors or, or make, I press a key
and then on the keyboard to make like a little water drip explosion thing.
Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. My, um, I know I've had something that can do that,
but I tend to not look at my keyboard that much. I just want it to feel good.
Yeah. And, and I plugged it in. And just to be clear, like if it was a stuck key, right? I, I,
I managed to finally log into windows. I plugged it. I have a, I have found a $10 crappy
Microsoft piece of crap. You for crap. Crap land.
I got a couple of those sitting over there. Hey, um, I guess we can do the podcast. I have a
couple topics. I'm starting a little late because guess what? We're starting a little late. Guess
what? Not because Brent was late, not entirely, but because then Castor decided to shift the bed
again and, but we're up, we're good. I'm glad it's working. I think it's, um, then Castor is mad at
me because I yelled at it in our last podcast and it holds a grudge. Zen Castor holds a grudge.
Very well that we could flag that as the podcast title.
Like I got to imagine, you know, on the back end, uh, they are, uh, doing transcription and, and
they probably look for the word Zen Castor to see if they can pull some sentiment analysis.
Right. That's what I would do. Me too. And probably in fact, I don't know if you know this,
I talked to someone, uh, the, you probably do know, you know, about machine learning and everything.
I talked to someone who was in a support job at one time and they had ML running on the calls they
were on as they were on them. And the ML could analyze tone and let you know if the customer
or the person giving support were getting angry and give you a prompt to either calm down yourself
or to try and calm down the customer. So that means that they can hear Zen Castor.
They don't even need, you need to take PII, although probably, I probably signed something
that said they could have anything I say on here. My social security number is nine four foot.
I bet if I'm running Zen Castor, if I'm working on the ML team at Zen Castor, Zen Castor may not
have an ML team, but if it doesn't, I'm there. I am analyzing, listening for the word Zen Castor.
When I find it, I'm gathering context of tone and doing a pure sentiment analysis based on that.
I'm sure there are people who do podcasts. In fact, I listened to one, one of the trivia podcasts I
listened to. They rave about Zen Castor. Zen Castor works so well for us. I like to see the graph.
Million dollar ideas. Sorry. Ten dollar ideas straight from Alan.
Someone show me a histogram.
Yes. Yes. There was a time, once upon a time, it seems, I wonder if we've done more podcasts
remotely than we have together at this point. Probably not. But no, there was a time I'd walk
into a conference room at Microsoft and Brent would be in there waiting for me with all the
equipment and he'd have an agenda written on the whiteboard. Yeah. I just plugged stuff in and
we'd go. Yeah. And actually, what should I do with all this? Oh, sometime I'm going to
do a podcast at Microsoft sometime and I'll take it all back with me. I'll take it all back with
me. Yeah. You could even, I don't know. You have my good microphone. Do I, which one is it?
The SM58. Oh no, it's the beta three, I think. I have a beta 58. Yeah. The beta 58. That's the one.
That's nice. And it works better with your saliva on it. Thank you for that.
So these days though, a good five minutes for the podcast, I throw a couple of things into our
Slack. Brent doesn't reply and I say, don't worry about it. We'll wing it. And that's how we do
our podcast. Yes. Yes. So the time of the podcast is Zencaster holds a grudge and I got two topics
I want to talk about. Brent, heads or tails? Heads or tails? Which one's first? It doesn't matter.
Heads is first. Heads is first. Okay. Right. Clearly. So one of the things that I just
wanted to get your thoughts on this, I've been thinking about a lot and guess what people,
somebody at work who listens to my podcast said, I like it when you talk about things that are
happening at work. And guess what? All of my inspiration, I don't have any time for thinking
about other things when there's things I need to vet, there's things I need to figure out.
And it's no secret if you're listening to the podcast for a while, I often very frequently
almost always use this podcast to help me think through things that are on my head,
whether it's a conference presentation, whether it's a paper or an article I want to write,
or whether it's just stuff I'm trying to figure out and get some more insight on. We had a whole
conversation a couple of weeks ago when I was working on the thinking about when we kind of
vetted out the presentation that I gave at Test Flix, you know, how I learned, I just kind of shove
my head full of stuff and wait for it to fall out in some sort of cohesive manner.
That's part of the odd way in which my brain works. So guess what, brand, you know,
we're in a recession. It feels like we should have a theme song for Alan fixes unity today,
or something. I don't know something like that. You were in music major come up with something,
you know, we'll we'll compose a tune over on the Taylor Swift Elon Musk podcast. We call it
Tay Musk, but maybe we'll write a song over there, but it's not, it's not even just Alan
talks about unity because the, the conference presentation that we did, we vetted together
a month or two ago. That was an thing to do with unity, but sometimes just like
it's not entirely unity. It's just stuff in my head. I need to get straight.
Okay.
Probably a bunch. We've probably had a bunch of examples of that, but it's just one of the
things that you're good for, Brent. And one of the things that surprisingly makes
adequate podcast fodder is for me just to kind of dump what I'm thinking and then get some
feedback from you plus some other alternate ideas. Cause this is what helped gets my brain gears
rolling. It's less about Alan fixes unity more about Alan fixes himself.
Gotcha.
So this is all growth. This is how I grow.
Well, I'm here to feed the garden of my brain.
I'm here to help you grow.
I'm here to help you. So, uh, recession, uh, I'm sure it's the same at Microsoft. Didn't
Microsoft just have some more layoffs? Did I hear that? Uh, yeah.
I mentioned that a few weeks ago. I can't remember. I'm not like picking on you this time.
No, no, it was, uh, it was a couple of weeks ago and right there, the first to,
to get hit it's, it's always the sales organization.
Yeah. Yeah. And again, um, people, uh, as a tangent, because it wouldn't be an A B
testing podcast without one, there'll be some posts that says Microsoft lays off
1000 people. People go, Oh my God, the economy, you know, Microsoft employs like 200,000 people.
It's okay. Yeah, it was, well, it's unfortunate. And nothing, and those people,
I'm sure they've all found jobs by now, but it's, it's small. I remember, uh, I can use names.
Michael Bolton once was ranting on Twitter. This was like 20 years ago, 15 years ago,
Microsoft can't hire testers. They have a hundred job openings for testers.
And I said, uh, Michael, we have 9,000 testers. So a hundred across those teams.
No big deal. And he said, paraphrased. Oh, paraphrased.
Okay. Fair enough. So anyway, you know, we're going to grow slow while we figure out how the
world's going to work. So what do you have to do in order to grow slow or be stagnant? And,
and there's more work coming in. Here's, here's the question. You have a team of size X that can
do, you know, X team size work, and there's more work you need to do and no more people to add.
What do you do? Uh, you, you, you spread your effort across each work stream evenly.
You say, notice it, right? Exactly.
Yeah. There's a phrase I, there is something, uh, there's, well, we talked about it very recently,
right? That the, we talked about productivity versus efficiency, right? And intrinsically,
no one likes being bored. And what I've noticed is that, that, that encourages this, this desire
to keep starting things, keep starting things. Well, we have to start this, we have to start that,
we have to start this. And then there's a forgetting that the more things that you were starting,
the harder it is for you to close them. Yep. So I don't know if I've done this speech on the
podcast, like there's several things that I've done that are sort of notable quotables. Um,
but this one, it is, it is vastly better. It is vastly better to make 50% of the people,
100% happy than a hundred percent of the people, 50% happy. That, that, that, that may be the little,
the little tag that kicks the podcast off. Yeah. Is that the intro to the Alex fixes unity theme
song? Is my name Alex now? Alex Alex. No, that's my son. I've called him Alan at times too.
That's okay. My, my, my dog, my dog's name is Tara. Uh, my daughter's been listening to Taylor Swift
so much. She started accidentally calling the dog Taylor. It's pretty funny. Taylor might,
it's not a bad name for a dog. If I was a lot of dog, I'd, uh, I'd be calling it random,
but I get one called Brent. Would you maybe that's a good, that's a good dog. He's all right.
Brett, it is a good dog name, but do you really need the reminder of me every day? 24 seven. You're
not the most famous Brent in the world. You know, uh, no, but I would argue I'm,
I'm the closest one to you. Yeah. It's a rare name. You tell me, uh, uh, uh, another Brent,
Brent Michaels. Okay. So you just took my middle name, which I shared with you last
episode and then as to it. So you're just making up names now.
Oh, that's Brett Michaels. Actually that's Brett Michaels. Sorry. Oh, right. So the, yeah,
the senior guy, the boy poison. Yeah. Thank you. You've been Brett before. So anyway,
prior to station. So here's how I've been, you know, I've been talking to folks. I work with
a lot about it while I think through it. And actually I have group meetings like by my
leadership group. We're all do the same thing. Sometimes it's just me talking about some ideas,
having some discussion about it in order to help get my brain straight and get them thinking about
the things that I think are important. Now I wonder is my whole life a podcast. It could be
what if everything's a podcast? Could you disprove that? Jeez. I'm in the,
this is a weird version of inception where it's a podcast. And anyway,
talking about prioritization and let me know if this makes sense. Cause I think there are two,
I hate making dichotomies, but there's two different types of prioritization. I'll say it anyway.
There's prioritization between projects. Like what's the next thing we need to do?
What of all the initiatives or improvements we can make, what's the next thing we need to do?
Okay.
Implement shimmery blue menus. I don't know where it is. That's my, that's my canonical
dumb project name. And then, and that's where we partner with product management or
program management as Microsoft often refers to them. Like get that partnership and figure out like
from the backlog of things of customer problems we can solve.
What's the most important right now? What's the most bang for the buck?
Cause you want to look at the effort and impact quadrant, but you know what I mean?
Just like, what do we do next? It answers the question, what do we do next? And then,
cause that requires a partnership and a little bit of a roadmap and thinking about what else it
enables and dependencies and all those things. But then once you've determined that,
and that part's kind of orderly, then there's the messy part, which as a engineering leader,
your team, it's prioritization within that project, looking at prioritization between projects on a
weekly, usually maybe a little more, maybe a little less basis, figure out what's next.
But then there's prioritization within that project, which may happen multiple times a day.
It's like, I have a thing we need to do. What's the part we need to do first that
unblocks the rest or helps us get the most learning or helps us figure out
whatever we need to do to optimize the rest. And that's a constant little turmoil of
shuffling things around to figure out, are we doing the right, are we building this thing in a way that
gets us learning in the fastest way possible? And maybe those, I don't think they intermix. I think
one is a planning and one, one is prioritization of planning and one is prioritization of execution.
What do you think about that?
No, I think that's absolutely true. I would frame it differently. It's macro versus micro
prioritization. Okay. That's not really framing, it's labeling, right? Brett, Brett, just Brett,
go on, go on Brett Michaels, lead singer of poison.
I am Alan Page and I am number one.
I think the same, so in my worldview, I asked the same question in both cases.
And it's essentially what's the right order such that I am doing things in ROI order.
Right now, the one thing I don't do, like I don't sequence. So obviously, if I'm, if I,
if I have a, we call them scenarios or features, right? Whatever you want to call it, it is a
collection of concrete work items. Build this database, build the front end, build the
business logic layer or whatever you want to the shimmery menu module. So you want to, you want to
build it in an ROI order, which is often sequential. Sometimes it isn't. The scenarios though,
that is more of a, in my view, it's a more of an investment question. Should we even invest in this?
And if we do, then, then it's a, generally it's independent. It's usually mutually exclusive from
the other scenarios. And so you can decide to cut them in part or you can decide to execute
them in parallel. You have other options on, on this one.
So, so in your note, just to match up our nomenclature for you scenarios are like what I'm
talking about with projects. It's the bigger thing, the thing we're trying to prioritize and
figure out which one we should do next. Yes. A scenario is closer to like my view of a user.
Well, it'd be a high level user story. So the way, so what I'm thinking is prioritizing those
is a fairly rigorous approach. Cause he said you're looking at ROI, you're looking, you're
doing some analysis to find, figure out which one is next or some extra effort that goes into that.
But within the project, my experiences and my experience could be wrong. I certainly don't
know everything, but I think it's a little more chaotic and we can't make deep analysis.
We're making a lot of gut level decisions on what's the next thing to do or expressions,
experience based decisions on how we order the bits of this and who should do what even if I'm
leading that team, those are quicker decisions. There's less ROI, there's less analysis. If we
stop to analyze every little piece of that, the thing would never get done. We're organizing some,
it's a little more chaotic when compared to the rigor that you would put into planning the
scenarios or the projects. That's all I'm saying. Is rigor and chaotic opposites.
I didn't say they were. No, so it is less rigorous, but in my view, it is because it's less risky,
because it's already gone through the rigor of the previous analysis. And in this case,
what we are trying to do is now, in my view, it's okay, what's the execution? Now, I, of course,
add complexity to that, because if it's a scenario, if it's a scenario that when you line up all the
work items in the end, it's something that takes three to six months, then I look at it and say,
okay, how do we refactor how we're going to deliver this scenario? Because I want some small,
thin slice of it to ship in a month. Yeah. Or less, a month, a month. What kind
of planet are you from? Are you truly a disciple of Eric Reese?
I am not a disciple of frigging anybody, but if I interpret your thing differently of,
okay, I would say, yeah, right? Because a lot of the work that I'm doing,
right, in data science, when I start, here's one of the challenges I get all the time.
Unlike in a dev role or in a QA role, in the data science role, people now engage me,
and they often will approach me with, when you look at their point of view of what data science,
in terms of their ask, it's undiscernable from magic. Hey, Brit, could you create data science
that will figure out who this bug should be filed against? Like who is the actual person?
And I'm like, well, okay, that was too far of an example because if someone came to me with that
one, I would just outright, it's like, yeah, sorry, that is beyond my team's capability.
I know what you're talking about. I heard just today, someone say to me, oh,
we can use ML to figure that out. And I said, or we could just do it by hand. It's fun.
Yeah, it's an interesting world. But the worst one is where if I instinctively go, okay, I think I have
everything I need, like all the pieces. But to me, data science is actually a lot closer to like
making a recipe when you don't have a cookbook. Like you, if you were to say, oh yeah, I get it.
Yeah. If you were to say, okay, I've got applesauce, oat flour and Tabasco. I'm going to make bread.
Right. It's your first 10 tries are probably going to suck. Right.
How do we get it? How do we get all the way out here?
I don't know. But one thing I was going to say is I would crutch the old man, get off my lawn voice
is there's stuff. I mean, people call ML today. It isn't really ML. It was just a stupid algorithm
in my day. That's all I want to say. So rewinding the stack, this is making a fishing motion of
like I'm reeling in my fishing line. Prioritization is super important. And I think
one of the things I just wanted to think about and put this back on topic before we go on to
the next one is I've been thinking a lot about it. I'd love to hear tips from the listeners on
prioritization. You know, we're doing it in a time I'm thinking about it more in a time of slow growth,
but it also made me think, why aren't we or why haven't I thought more about prioritization in
times of larger growth? It's always an important thing to do. Learning how to say no to people
and setting expectations on what can and can't be done or things you're going to shut down
should be a regular process. There are large companies, no American Airlines did this.
There's an article on this and somebody else big I just read about. Twice a year,
they get their execs together and decide what they're going to stop doing.
They figure out what they're going to de-invest in. It's weird. I just came,
I have this weird thing where I come across these articles while I'm thinking about these
things. Even all the way back to Microsoft, we're very slow to turn things off and just
even if it's going to make people angry. No, there is definitely this phenomenon where
if once it gets past a tipping point, it's hard to kill things because
it becomes a self-fulfilling thing. I see this a lot with central orgs. Hey, a central org,
a central org gets created. Maybe let's make up an example. They're going to create a universal
company-wide data warehouse. They're going to curate all the company's data and then open it up and
everybody solve it. Now, let's say they solve the current company needs. Maybe even the company needs
for the next year. It really doesn't matter. Now, what you see because it's now a relatively large
team, they've in order to clean this up because they had to have engagements across all the
different divisions in the company. You have a large number of PMs, you dev managers. Now,
at this point in time, there's no new ass coming from the customers,
but they feel motivated. Hey, it's another milestone coming up. We need to go through
planning. Now, their planning becomes self-fulfilling, self-what is it called when you're
just trying to protect yourself? There's a common term for this. It's now
all about making sure that their team doesn't die, even though that they have
fulfilled the problem. In those cases, it would be darn handy if executives re-looked at it and
said, okay, we have a lot of really strong talent here, adding the square root of zero ROI really
to the business. Can we begin a shift where we move that talent into something where our
current needs are and put it on their plate to figure out, okay, how do we make this go to just
pure maintenance mode? You've actually touched on something else I've been thinking about. There's
another team I work with that has a little bit of duplication of what one of my teams does.
The other team, maybe it's self-preservation was a work you were looking for?
Is the word I was looking for. Thank you.
There's a little bit of that there. What's lacking there, another thing we've talked about before,
is psychological safety. I want teams to be able to, I mean, this is a tough place to be.
It's tough to get there. You need a good level of safety for it and culture for a team to go,
you know what, what we're working on isn't in the best interest of the company and be able to
say that and then be able to pivot and work on something else. That's important.
Yes, absolutely.
That's a good, I know it doesn't exist in Microsoft, but I don't know if it exists anywhere. It's a
really hard thing to do, but I'd love to see it more often. I would love to see, even in times of,
I think they put it this way, in times of slow growth, you can focus on this keeps the business
running, this makes money, everything else, and that everything else, stuff is stuff you can cut.
Or will enable money. I'm grossly generalizing here. But even in times of economic growth,
I think you would do those two plus, are you familiar with McKinsey's Horizon planning?
No.
So McKinsey has this crash course. H1 is your current business, H Horizon 1. Horizon 2 extends
your current business a little farther out. And then H3 are brand new businesses you want to create.
You could say when Microsoft doesn't really do a lot of H3 stuff, but HoloLens, a good example,
brand new business they want to get into. You could argue as an extension of Xbox,
I'll say it's Horizon 3, it's a brand new business. Microsoft Teams, Horizon 2, they're
extending what people had in the office suite to give people new functionality. Eventually, now,
Teams at Microsoft is no longer Horizon 2 product, it's Horizon 1 product. It's part of
their current business helping them make a lot of money. So what you want to do in those times of
economic growth is you look a little bit more deeply into the invest more in those Horizon 2
and Horizon 3 projects, trying to grow your business. Whereas maybe in times of economic
stability, slowdown, recession, whatever you want to call it, you still have to do a little there.
But I think that's where you may end up making some cuts. Because you got to keep the business
running, you got to keep the current revenue running, you got to keep the business running.
I think no matter what, based on prior things that you said earlier, you brought in Eric Reese,
I think companies are better suited when they operate lean all the time, whether it be good or
bad. Because even if it's in a good time and you're operating lean, then that's going to help
you pivot your resources even further towards growth. I think we talked about this exact thing
before, but yeah, you're on the money. In this particular case, I think it's beneficial that
every now and again, things like this happen and it forces people to be lean. I guess the only problem
is, it doesn't stick. Once the floodgates begin to open up again, then laziness is going to kick
in again. Yeah, but it's important. What you want to do, just as true at Microsoft and Unity and
every other company in the world, is you want to use times like this to really be ready for when
times are different or better, to make sure you can run. Whether it's lean or just,
some of the messages I've been handing you in my teams are, look, we are not going to run at 100%
capacity. I talk about flow a lot, as you can imagine, and freeways full of cars don't move.
And being that we're not going to, we're going to say no to stuff so we can stay at that 80%
and have some slack as a right hand and reverse to it, so that we can, one, sustain and maintain our
mental health while we're being very clear on what we can and cannot deliver on. I think it's
a pretty critical message for anybody in the world over the next however long until
things smooth out, until the Republicans win the midterms and fix the economy for the world.
Hey, spoiler, that's not going to happen.
By the way, sorry, I was trying to think about politics. I realized how much I just,
angry, anger. Yeah, I think the thing that you and I are very firm on is politicians suck.
Yeah, yeah. There, yeah. A million percent. By the way, if you're in the Americas,
in the United States at least, that's not even all the Americas, if you're in the United States,
please go out and vote. You will not hear another podcast from us before. I don't think
before we get to voting days, I get that taken care of. No, that's Tuesday.
Is it? I don't do, I don't, calendar math means nothing to me in the time of the pandemic.
I can speak in relative terms. So was I, was I correct that we would not have a podcast
before voting time. I wasn't attacking you. Chillax. It's Tuesday.
I was validating. Okay, man. We're cool then. Okay. So yeah, please go vote and vote for
people that won't squash human rights and things like that. Just even if they suck.
Vote for, please go out and vote for the least sucky candidate on there. Because believe me,
they all suck. All right. That's my, I'm probably not the right person that vote.org wants to
have lead their, their advertising campaign, but that's my advertisement.
So much I could respond to at this point. Yeah. So here's what I want to do in a shorter
podcast this time, which we're going to thank God we can get onto the podcasts we like,
but I want to set up the next podcast. Oh, at three 55, you don't want to actually start
this one. You want to start the next one already. Let's go for it. Here we go. Ready? Ready? Hold
on everybody. Here's the AB testing podcast compressed version. Not knocking out. Hi everybody.
I'm Brent and we're done. And there you go. So, uh, this is a great one to get some feedback on
even before we talk about next time. Actually, I'm going to pull up the question. This podcast
is the one you want feedback on. I want feedback on this topic. I'm going to bring up. It's around
everything we talk about on here, but a slightly different variation. We will take some feedback
from listeners and we're going to talk about this more next time. And if you want to join
our community, you can go to modern testing.org and you can click on the link to join our Slack
community. And just to warn you, sometimes you click on the link and it says, this link is expired.
Please contact us. Bullshit. Just wait five minutes and try again and blame Slack.
Cause it, it, it still works. People about once every two months, someone says, Hey,
the link's not working. And I go check it. And it's working. I said, that works on my machine.
And so anyways, so go to modern to center or click on the link, wait five minutes, click on it again,
refresh, whatever. I don't know what happens, but the link's still good. I join our group,
being conversations. We have a good community of people answering questions, discussing stuff.
It's awesome. We have talked a lot in the past around coaching teams and helping teams get, you
know, accelerating developers and learning stuff about modern testing principles. And, and we talked
about them from the perspective of a tester helping teams out, but what if your team doesn't
have any testers? So what do you do? Here's a scenario. You have a development team who
don't have great quality in their product. It's okay. Not great. It's, it's fair quality.
I'll call it fair quality, plenty of room for improvement. They want not being told they want
to own testing. They want to own quality. They want to get better, but they don't know how,
and they don't have a coach. Let me add another twist and unconscious incompetence. They don't
know what they don't know. They don't realize they don't know how to improve their quality
as much as they could. Okay. Sure. They can write some tests. It's like the old line I used
to give my old manager. Yes. Your developers do all the testing. They know how to do.
And my job was to give them a little bit more because they, they thought they did it all. They
missed stuff. So you have a dev team quality has room for improvement. They want quality to be better.
They're invested in it, but they don't know how to do that. And they don't know. They don't
know how to do that. Okay. Well, they're in, what do you do? There lies. The solution is you have to
create a process by which what they don't know, they don't know will be discovered.
That is the fifth order of ignorance. I thought it was the fourth order.
Just if you count from zero. Now, even if you count from zero, then it would be.
So I know something. I know I don't know something. I don't know. I don't know something.
And then there is like, what am I missing? I know something. I know. I don't know something.
I don't know. I don't know something. You're right. The fourth one is I don't have a suitable means to
discover what I don't know. I don't know. And the fifth is I understand the rules of ignorance.
Do you're correct? You're correct. Fourth from one.
Right. And I dumb.
That last one's stupid. That one to me feels like just self advertisement.
But no, but it means you understand how knowledge acquisition works.
No, I get it. I get it. I get it. I get it.
Because until you get that, that's how knowledge acquisition works.
If you're a learner, if you have a now I can pin people down. If you have a growth mindset,
you'll know about the fifth order of ignorance. I don't know that that's true.
I know about the both of them. And I'm the only one talking about the orders of ignorance.
Yeah. By the way, I haven't posted my five for Friday yet, but I actually found an article
published because orders of ignorance is like two decades old. I found a recent article that I
liked that reference the five orders of ignorance. Awesome. It's lots of love there. Lots of love.
Okay, man. Well, that is our 43 and a half minutes now, probably around 40 minutes by the time I get
done editing. We'll see what happens. But this has been a this has been the AB. Oh, if I forgot
again, sorry, brain fart, AB testing or is this the team us podcast?
Oh, sorry. A B testing podcast. I'm Alan. I'm Brent. And we'll see you later.